[Rick and Morty main theme]
[loudspeaker] Principal Vagina here,
don't let the name fool you,
I'm in charge.
Reminding you that tonight
is our annual flu season dance.
I insist: if you have the flu,
stay home.
The flu season dance is about awareness,
not celebration.
You don't bring dead babies
to Passover.
[breathes deeply] Okay, here we go.
[nervously] Hey, Jessica!
-Uh...
-What's up, Morty?
-What are you doing?
-Um...
Wait, were you about to talk... to her?
Well, I mean, I was thinking about it...
Dude. Stay in your league.
Look at how hot she is.
You don't see me going in a wealthier
school hitting on their prettiest girl.
Gee, thanks, Brad.
I throw balls far.
You want good words?
Date a languager.
Try not to worry about it.
You're a good kid.
There's not a premium on that, but
you'll be getting girls some time
after Brad's out of shape.
You're missing the point, Dad.
I don't want girls. I want Jessica.
Ah, well. I remember feeling that way
about a young lady named your mom.
And that's not an urban diss.
Your mom was my Jessica. I remember
the first time I saw her, I thought...
"I should get her pregnant,
and she'll marry me."
I beg your pardon, Rick. Inappropriate.
Sorry, please proceed with your story
about banging my daughter in high school.
I'm not sure you want his romantic advice.
His marriage is hanging from a thread.
My marriage is fine, thank you.
It's your house, whatever
you say it is how it is,
but even a blind man could see
that Beth is looking for the door.
I barely have a reason to care
and even I noticed.
Don't talk about my parents like that!
Listen, I hate to break it to you,
but "love" is just a chemical reaction
that compels animals to breed.
It hits hard, Morty,
then it slowly fades,
leaving you stranded
in a failing marriage.
I did it. Your parents are gonna do it.
Break the cycle. Rise above.
Focus on science.
Well, I'm going to go get dressed
for the dance.
Yeah, I'm just going to...
check on your mom.
Morty, hand me that screwdriver.
I'm almost finished making my ionic
defibulizer. It's gonna be great.
Hey, listen, Rick.
You know how you said that love
is a chemical and all that stuff?
I was thinking...
could you make some sort of chemical thing
happen inside of Jessica's mind?
So where she falls in love with me?
Maybe make some sort
of love potion or something?
That's such a poor use of my time.
It's beneath me, hand me the screwdriver.
No, Rick, I'm not going to hand you
the screwdriver!
I'm not going to hand you
anything ever again!
I'm always helping you with everything!
What about me, Rick?
Why can't you just help me out for once?
[sighs] You're growing up fast, Morty.
You're growing into a real big thorn
straight up into my ass.
Listen, this is called Oxytocin.
I extracted it from a vole.
Do you know what a vole is, Morty?
It's a rodent that mates for life.
This is the chemical released in a
mammal's brain that makes it fall in love.
I just gotta [burps]
combine it with some of your DNA.
Oh, well, okay...
A hair, Morty, I need one of your hairs.
This isn't Game Of Thrones.
Whoever you smear this stuff on
will fall in love with you,
and only you, forever.
-Are ya happy now, Morty?
-Heck yeah! Thank you, grandpa Rick!
Hey, there's no dangers or anything
or side effects, right?
What am I, a hack?
Go nuts, Morty, it's foolproof.
Unless she has the flu.
[dramatic music]
-Beth, do you still love me?
-Ugh, what kind of question is that?
The yes or no kind?
Jerry, do you want homeless people
to have homes?
Yes.
-Are you going to build them?
-No.
Then what good was the yes?
Wait, is loving me the house
or the homeless people?
Loving you is work, Jerry.
Hard work.
Like building a homeless shelter.
Nobody wants to say "no",
but some people put the work in.
So what do you say?
Do you see me working here?
-This conversation seem tedious to me?
-Sort of.
Then I obviously
sort of love you, don't I?
[phone chimes] Stop asking
and maybe I'll love you more. Crap.
-They need me at the horse hospital.
-This late?
The race track had a starlight derby,
there was a seven horse collision
and Davin's there alone.
[voices whisper and chant] Davin...
Davin... Davin... Davin!
[rap music] ♪ Flu. You gotta be aware
aware of all the flu up in the air ♪
♪ I'mma get me a shot,
make the flu go away ♪
♪ Flu hatin' rapper
just rappin' away ♪
it's a flu hatin' rap ♪
Hey there, Jessica!
Whoa, oh, whoopsie!
[sexy voice] Oh my god, Morty...
You look really nice tonight.
Wow, thanks!
I love you, Morty.
I love you so much it burns!
Oh, man!
I love you too, Jessica!
-Is this punk bothering you?
-Leave him alone, jerk!
I'm in love with him!
He's more man than you will ever be!
[rap music]
♪ This is about flu awareness ♪
♪ You gotta be aware of the flu
in the air-ness ♪
♪ Yo, I'm a flu-hating rapper ♪
Oh man, Morty...
-I'm really sorry.
-Oh, well... No problem, Brad.
There's something special
about you, Morty. So special.
-Whoa! Take it easy!
-Get your hands off of him!
Back off!
I'm try'n to be with my man!
That's enough, Bradley. We don't want you
injuring your ballthrowing arm.
Never leave me, Morty. Never.
Uh, sure, I mean... of course not.
-What do you think that was all about?
-Who cares. Just hold me.
[screams] Let me go!
I love you, Morty!
Let go of me!
Morty!
-She's gonna be alone with him all night.
-Digging around the insides of horses.
It's not a very romantic setting.
There's always the possibility
that she made the whole thing up.
Maybe Davin's digging around
in her insides.
Grandpa! So gross!
You're talking about my mom!
Well, she's my daughter, Summer.
I outrank you.
Or family means nothing.
In which case don't play that card.
-She's not responding to my texts.
-Careful, dad. Jealousy turns women off.
-Well isn't that convenient.
-Not for the men they cheat on, no.
Okay. I'm going to go out.
For some ice cream.
And maybe stop by the hospital.
To support my wife. With my confidence.
God, grandpa, you're such a dick.
I'm sorry, your opinion
means very little to me.
How come you're not at this stupid dance?
Screw that. I don't want
to get sick. It's flu season.
-It is?
-Yeah.
Uh oh.
[funky music]
Please just let this work out.
Do it, Morty. Do it!
Rip my clothes off and mate with me
for life. [roars]
Um... can we maybe go
somewhere more private?
Jessica, get ahold of yourself.
You don't deserve
to carry Morty's genes.
♪ I love Morty ♪
♪ and I hope Morty loves me ♪
♪ I'd like to rap my arms around him
and feel him inside me ♪
Oh, crap...
[everybody screams]
Come on, we gotta get you out of here!
You're not going to believe this,
but I made a mistake!
[both pant] Come on, Morty.
We gotta get out of here!
-Morty, are you okay?
-I'm fine.
Oh, good.
If anything ever happened to you,
I would kill myself.
I love you bad, Mo-mo!
[crowd screams]
The principal and I have discussed it
and we're both insecure enough
to agree to a threeway.
I didn't realize when I gave you
that serum that Jessica had the flu.
You know, that might have been
valuable information for me.
What the hell is going on?
What does it look like? The serum
is piggybacking on the virus.
It's gone airborne.
Oh, crap!
What're we gonna do, Rick?
It's gonna be fine. Relax.
I whipped up an antidote.
It's based on praying mantis DNA.
Praying mantises
are the exact opposite of voles.
They mate once and then
decapitate the partner.
It's a whole ritual,
it's gruesome and totally opposite.
There's no love of at all.
I basically mixed this
with a more contagious flu virus.
It should neutralize the whole thing.
It'll all be
over very shortly.
[crowd moans] Morty!
I know you didn't ask, but I'm not
interested in having sex with you.
These serums don't work on anybody
related to you genetically.
[crowd ceases moaning]
[terrified screams]
Okay, well. Sometimes science
is more art than science, Morty.
A lot of people don't get that.
What--?
[tires screech]
Come on are you kidding me?
Hello!
[mantis mutants] Morty!
You're not Morty! Bring us Morty!
Nobody's killing me until after
I catch my wife with another man.
[TV] -I had sex with Billy.
-But you were already pregnant!
What's the worst that could happen?
We interrupt Pregnant Baby
with breaking news.
Aw, come on!
[TV] Morty Smith's whereabouts
are still unknown.
What the hell?
The only thing that is known
is how cute he is.
I love him so much. I want to make
love to him and then eat his head.
-I love him more than you do, Harold!
-You wish, stupid bitch!
-Morty's mine!
-No! Morty's mine!
[mutant mantis on TV speaks
in simulated Arabic]
[pounding at the door]
Where is Morty?
[Summer screams]
[mantis on TV speaks
in simulated Chinese]
Oh my god! The whole world is infected!
It's wild how fast that spread.
I've really outdone myself.
Outdone yourself?
[furious] Are you kidding me, Rick?
This is not okay!
Not only do they want to have sex with me
but now they want to eat me afterwards!
I don't know what I was thinking.
Mantises are the opposite of voles?
Obviously DNA
is more complicated than that.
This right here
is gonna do the trick, baby.
It's koala mixed with rattlesnake,
chimpanzee, cactus,
shark, golden retriever
and just a smidge of dinosaur.
Should add up to normal humanity.
That doesn't make any sense!
How does that add up
to normal humanity?
What, you want me to show you my math?
Are you the scientist
or the kid that wanted to get laid?
I'm glad we saved all those horses,
but I'm almost sorry we're finished.
-Yeah it's satisfying work.
-It's more than the work.
I love being in that sterilized room,
sealed off from the world.
It's the only time I can really think.
And feel.
[relaxing music]
[clears throat]
-What are you doing?
-I'm playing African dream pop.
What do you do after a long night?
Oh! Uh...
I better get going. Jerry's been texting
some pretty high maintenance stuff.
-Beth?
-What is it, Davin?
Just once, I'd like to know...
[sneezes]
...what it was like
to give your son a bath.
-What?
-What does Morty's skin smell like?
How soft--
How soft are his privates?
Let go of me, Davin!
[growls]
Take me to Morty.
You're not Morty.
No, I'm Mister Crowbar.
And this is my friend.
Who is also a crowbar.
That's stupid.
Yeah? Well look
where being smart got you.
-Jerry! Thank God!
-God?
God's turning people
into insect monsters, Beth.
I'm the one beating them to death.
Thank me.
Thank you, Jerry. Thank you.
[mutant Davin regurgitates]
Take a good look down there
and soak it in.
Once I pull this lever,
it's all back to normal.
-Just do it already!
-Technically, there's no rush.
Once it's fixed, it's done,
it's fixed.
We could just enjoy it for a little bit.
I mean, look at how crazy it is.
When's the next time you're gonna see
something like this? Soak it in.
It's pretty neat.
It's pretty interesting.
That's it, I'm pulling the lever.
What do we have here? Looks like
I was right and you were wrong, huh?
I bet you feel
pretty stupid right now, huh?
Like the world's smallest man, that you
were doubting me about this whole thing.
Oh, Rick, something's not right!
-Yeah, you. You're not right. Ever.
-No, no! Look, you idiot!
[crowd screams]
I bet you're loving this.
This must be the best day of your life.
You get to be the mayor
of I-told-you-town.
You're welcome.
[mutants growl]
Hold on.
[tires screech]
I wish that shotgun was my penis.
If it were, you could call me
Ernest Hemingway.
I don't get it and I don't need to.
-[yells] Mom? Dad?
-[both] Summer!
[sighs of relief]
-Where's Morty?
-I don't know.
Do you think grandpa
had something to do with this?
-It's not fair to assume that.
-Oh, not fair?
Give me a break. He is a selfish,
irresponsible ass and he left my mother.
A real man stands by his woman.
[both moan]
Tchoo tchoo-tchoo...
I really Cronenberged
the world up, didn't I?
We got a whole planet of
Cronenbergs walking around down there.
At least they're not in love with you
anymore. That's a huge step.
Oh my god, it's a living nightmare!
How could you be so irresponsible?
Me irresponsible? All I wanted you to do
was hand me a screwdriver.
You're the one who wanted me to buckle
down and make you up a roofie juice serum,
so you could roofie
that poor girl at your school.
Are you kidding me, Morty?
You're gonna try
to take the high road on this one?
You're a little creep, Morty.
You're just a little creepy creep person.
I should have listened to you
when you refused to make the serum.
I'm willing to accept
my part of the blame,
but you gotta accept
your part of the blame!
I'm not the one who fouled up the serum.
I'm not the one who haphazardly
mixed a bunch of nonsense together
and created a bunch of Cronenbergs.
You gotta fix this!
Alright, Morty.
We are in a pretty deep
hole here,
but I do have one emergency solution
that I can use
that'll put everything back to normal.
Relatively speaking.
Here, put this on
while I do a little bit of scouting.
[computer beeps]
Wow, Rick, I gotta say. You really
pulled a rabbit out your hat this time.
I thought the whole place was gonna be
messed up for good, but here you did it!
You figured out that crazy solution
like you always do.
Whoo! That's some great luck.
C'mon, luck had nothing to do with it.
I'm great, that's the real reason.
Now, Morty,
will you hand me a screwdriver
so I can finish my ionic desdefibulizer?
Sure thing, Rick.
Here's a screwdriver.
Alright, thank you very much.
I got one screw turn.
And two screw turns!
Alright, here we are.
[terrified] Oh my God, Rick, is that us?
We're dead!
What is going on? I'm freaking out!
-Calm down, Morty. Look at me.
-Oh my God! I can't take it!
-Calm yourself, Morty!
-This can't be real!
-Will you listen to me, Morty?
- It's you and me! We're ripped apart!
Shut up and listen to me!
It's fine! Everything is fine!
There's an infinite number of realities.
And in a few dozen of those,
I turned everything back to normal.
I just had to find one in which we also
happened to both die around this time.
Now we can just slip into the place
of our dead selves in this reality.
We're not skipping a beat.
Help me with these bodies.
This is insane.
I'll grab myself, you grab yourself, OK?
That seems fair to me, that seems
like a fair way to divvy it up.
Rick! What about the reality
we left behind?
What about the reality
where Hitler cured cancer?
Don't think about it.
It's not like we can do this every week.
We get three or four more of these, tops.
Now pick up your dead self and come on.
Haste makes waste.
I don't suppose you've considered this,
but if I hadn't screwed up
as much as I did,
we'd be these guys right now.
So, again, you're welcome.
["Look On Down From The Bridge"]
[Summer] You know the thing about a shark,
he's got lifeless eyes.
Black eyes like a doll's eyes.
When he comes at ya,
he doesn't seem to be living
until he bites ya and then,
the blood and the red and the water...
Do you ever wonder
what happened to Rick and Morty?
Sometimes. But I'm ashamed
to admit, now that they're gone...
I'm finally happy.
Here we are, Cronenberg Morty.
A reality where everyone
got genetically Cronenberged.
We'll fit right in, Morty. It'll be
like we never even left Cronenberg world.
Yeah, Rick,
but I'm gonna miss Cronenberg world.
Because everyone was Cronenberged
all along like us from the beginning.
I wish we hadn't genetically ruined
Cronenberg world beyond repair
and turned everyone into regular,
normal people, just walking around...
Don't you worry about that sorta thing.
Let's go make ourselves at home, huh?